README.md, before:

# Netcatty — SSH workspace, SFTP, and terminals in one

[![Netcatty UI](screenshot.png)](screenshot.png)

Netcatty is a modern SSH manager and terminal app that brings host grouping, drag-to-organize, SFTP side panel, keychain, port forwarding, and a rich UI theme. It ships with the Ghostty Web terminal (VT100) and an Electron desktop bridge for native SSH/SFTP.

---

## Highlights
- 🧭 **Host groups & breadcrumbs**: right-click to create/delete groups, drag hosts or groups into target groups, double-click to drill into a group, and breadcrumb navigation back to root.
- 🗂️ **SFTP panel**: collapsible sidebar, single-click to enter directories, upload/delete/download, and loading animations.
- 🗝️ **Keychain**: import/generate SSH keys, choose password/key auth; single-click a host to connect.
- 🖥️ **Terminal UX**: Ghostty Web engine, auto-resize on window changes, connection logs, timeout/cancel, and connection progress UI.
- 🌗 **Themes & branding**: light/dark toggle, custom accent color, Netcatty logo baked in.
- 🔌 **Electron bridge**: native SSH/SFTP channels without extra browser plugins.

## Getting Started
```bash
# install dependencies
npm install
# dev mode (Vite + Electron)
npm run dev
```

### Key paths
- Web entry: `index.html` / `App.tsx`
- Terminal: `components/Terminal.tsx`
- SFTP: `components/SFTPPanel.tsx`
- Keychain: `components/KeyManager.tsx`
- Electron main: `electron/main.cjs`

## Core Workflows
- **Create a host**: click “New Host”, fill address/port/username, pick password or key; supports group path.
- **Organize groups**: right-click to create/delete, drag groups to become subgroups, drag hosts into groups, and use breadcrumbs to navigate.
- **SFTP**: after connect, open SFTP, single-click into dirs, upload/download/delete, with loading spinner and animated sidebar.
- **Keychain**: import/generate SSH keys; single-click a host to connect with the chosen auth method.

## Scripts
- `npm run dev`: Vite frontend + Electron dev.
- `npm run build`: build frontend (Electron packaging configurable).

## License
MIT

Commit message:

Switches terminal engine to xterm.js and removes Ghostty
Replaces the Ghostty Web terminal backend with xterm.js, updating references, dependencies, and styles accordingly. Removes Ghostty-specific initialization, CSS, and dependencies for improved compatibility and maintainability. Updates terminal and SFTP mounting to use React lazy loading for better performance. Improves Electron window startup to avoid initial white flash. Cleans up cloud adapter dynamic imports for more efficient loading.

Updates documentation to reflect the terminal engine change.

README.md, after:

# Netcatty — SSH workspace, SFTP, and terminals in one

[![Netcatty UI](screenshot.png)](screenshot.png)

Netcatty is a modern SSH manager and terminal app that brings host grouping, drag-to-organize, SFTP side panel, keychain, port forwarding, and a rich UI theme. It ships with an xterm.js-based terminal and an Electron desktop bridge for native SSH/SFTP.

---

## Highlights
- 🧭 **Host groups & breadcrumbs**: right-click to create/delete groups, drag hosts or groups into target groups, double-click to drill into a group, and breadcrumb navigation back to root.
- 🗂️ **SFTP panel**: collapsible sidebar, single-click to enter directories, upload/delete/download, and loading animations.
- 🗝️ **Keychain**: import/generate SSH keys, choose password/key auth; single-click a host to connect.
- 🖥️ **Terminal UX**: xterm.js engine, auto-resize on window changes, connection logs, timeout/cancel, and connection progress UI.
- 🌗 **Themes & branding**: light/dark toggle, custom accent color, Netcatty logo baked in.
- 🔌 **Electron bridge**: native SSH/SFTP channels without extra browser plugins.

## Getting Started
```bash
# install dependencies
npm install
# dev mode (Vite + Electron)
npm run dev
```

### Key paths
- Web entry: `index.html` / `App.tsx`
- Terminal: `components/Terminal.tsx`
- SFTP: `components/SFTPPanel.tsx`
- Keychain: `components/KeyManager.tsx`
- Electron main: `electron/main.cjs`

## Core Workflows
- **Create a host**: click “New Host”, fill address/port/username, pick password or key; supports group path.
- **Organize groups**: right-click to create/delete, drag groups to become subgroups, drag hosts into groups, and use breadcrumbs to navigate.
- **SFTP**: after connect, open SFTP, single-click into dirs, upload/download/delete, with loading spinner and animated sidebar.
- **Keychain**: import/generate SSH keys; single-click a host to connect with the chosen auth method.

## Scripts
- `npm run dev`: Vite frontend + Electron dev.
- `npm run build`: build frontend (Electron packaging configurable).

## License
MIT
